Outdoor Voices
Payroll Specialist
https://assets.themuse.com/uploaded/companies/738/small_logo.png
Austin, TX
https://jobs.lever.co/outdoorvoices/bfbc8bde-f29a-4420-abec-aaf34b2e8f9d/apply?lever-source=themuse

OV is hiring a Payroll Specialist to join the People team at our Austin, TX headquarters. As our Payroll Specialist, you’ll support Team OV in all things payroll as you own the integrity of the payroll process and ensure all employees are paid correctly and in a timely manner. If you’re and HRIS whiz who is looking for the opportunity to impact and refine the payroll process, we want to hear from you!
Responsibilities

Process bi-weekly and semi-monthly payrolls using Namely Payroll to ensure compliance, accuracy, and efficiency.
Process new hires, employee changes, terminations and benefit administration on the Namely HRIS side.
Compile payroll data such as garnishments, vacation time, insurance and 401(k) deductions.
Poll electronic time clocks (Deputy) and review the downloaded information for completeness and accuracy partnering with various department and location  supervisors for any missed times.
Compile internal management reports from payroll system software.
Ensure compliance and adhere to company policies relating to processing of wages and paid time off.
Provide service to all employees regarding concerns with payroll and benefits, research and troubleshoot inquires.
Complete any payroll and benefit related mailings, e.g. child support. 
Coordinate resolution with Namely Payroll/Benefit representatives/Insurance carriers to address any inquiries/requests on an on-going basis. 
Maintain processes and audit trails for all payroll transactions, I-9, garnishments, etc. 
Process and maintain 401(k) transactions and records. 
Qualification

Associate’s degree or bachelor's degree.
At least 2 years of  multi-state payroll experience (NY and CA preferred).
High level proficiency with Microsoft Excel.
Experience with Google Apps (Gmail, Calendar, Drive). 
Experience with Namely HRIS and Payroll is a plus.
High level of ownership and organization.
Attention to detail and the ability to enter data with consistent accuracy.
Strong, professional communication skills in listening, speaking, and writing necessary for communication with staff, service providers and coworkers over the phone, in person, and via email.
Happy to work as a part of a team or independently, willing to communicate needs in a constructive manner as well as provide support to coworkers when needed.
Sound judgement and the ability to make reasonable decisions in the absence of direction.
Receptive to coaching from management, responds positively with willingness to make changes when desired.
Compensation

Competitive compensation.
OV Benefits include flexible vacation, 75% of health care premiums, dental and vision.
The latest OV gear and—of course—Recreation.
We believe in Doing Things — moving your body and having fun with friends. From dog jogs to dodgeball, we make clothes for sweating without the added pressure. Our Recreational team is made up of joggers, dog walkers, and dribble-dribblers who approach activity with ease, humor, and delight. Since launching in 2014, Outdoor Voices and has been featured in The New York Times, Vogue, Wall Street Journal, GQ, Forbes, and Fast Co.

Compensation & Benefits:
Competitive compensation package
OV Benefits include flexible vacation, 75% of health care premiums, dental and vision
The latest OV gear and—of course—Recreation 

About Outdoor Voices:
We believe in Doing Things — moving your body and having fun with friends. From dog jogs to dodgeball, we make clothes for sweating without the added pressure. Our team is made up of casual Recreationalists who approach activity with ease, humor, and delight. Since launching in 2014, Outdoor Voices has been featured in The New York Times, Vogue, Wall Street Journal, GQ, Forbes and Fast Co.