The Wall Street Journal
iOS Software Engineer
https://assets.themuse.com/uploaded/companies/365/small_logo.png
New York City, NY
https://wsj.jobs/new-york-ny/ios-software-engineer/C15EB39318EA4B31B026809DD6521907/job/?utm_medium=.JOBS%20Universe&utm_campaign=.JOBS%20XML%20Feed&utm_source=.JOBS%20XML%20Feed-DE&vs=23

Job Description:

About Our Team

We are looking for a iOS engineer to help us build and improve the Wall Street Journal app for iPhone and iPad. As a mobile engineer, you'll join our team of developers working together to bring innovative news and storytelling techniques to our mobile platform. Our team consists of iOS, Android, and backend developers working closely with product, design, and the newsroom.

About Our Work

We write all new code in Swift
We prioritize new iOS features
Use use Git for source control
We use Git Flow for building features
We code review all pull requests
We use continuous integration, with automatically deployed builds, internally and submitted to Apple
We write tests for new code
We work closely with product, design, and the newsroom
We are continually adapting and refining our process

Requirements
At least one year of iOS development experience
Experience with Swift or Objective-C (preferably both)
A Bachelor of Computer Science (or equivalent experience)
Fluency with object-oriented programming and model-view-controller architecture
Experience with Xcode and performance profiling with Instruments
Familiarity with Apple's Human Interface Guidelines

Nice to Have
Experience accessing an API, e.g., JSON or XML and displaying the downloaded content natively in an iOS app
Fluency with Scripting Languages, such as Bash, Ruby, and JavaScript
Familiarity with HTML & CSS
Node.js or other non-native app development experience
Experience with templating languages and grid-based layouts
Experience with the software development life-cycle, especially Agile and Scrum
An online technical presence, e.g., GitHub or technical writing

About the Wall Street Journal

The Wall Street Journal is a global news organization that provides leading news, information, commentary and analysis. It is America's largest newspaper by total average circulation with more than 2.3 million digital and print subscribers and 36 million global digital visitors per month. Building on its heritage as the preeminent source of global business and financial news, the Journal includes coverage of U.S. & world news, politics, arts, culture, lifestyle, sports, and health. It holds 36 Pulitzer Prizes for outstanding journalism. The Wall Street Journal is published by Dow Jones, a division of News Corp. The Wall Street Journal iOS app has millions of users, and has been repeatedly featured by Apple.

Dow Jones , Making Careers Newsworthy

All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, protected veteran status, or disability status. EEO/AA/M/F/Disabled/Vets .

Dow Jones is committed to providing reasonable accommodation for qualified individuals with disabilities, in our job application and/or interview process. If you need assistance or accommodation in completing your application, due to a disability, please reach out to us at TalentResourceTeam@dowjones.com . Please put "Reasonable Accommodation" in the subject line.

Business Area: NEWS/WSJ

Job Category: IT Development Group

About Us

Dow Jones is a global provider of news and business information, delivering content to consumers and organizations around the world across multiple formats, including print, digital, mobile and live events. Dow Jones has produced unrivaled quality content for more than 125 years and today has one of the world's largest news gathering operations globally. It produces leading publications and products including the flagship Wall Street Journal, America's largest newspaper by paid circulation; Factiva, Barron's, MarketWatch, Financial News, DJX, Dow Jones Risk & Compliance, Dow Jones Newswires, and Dow Jones VentureSource.Dow Jones is a division of News Corp (NASDAQ: NWS, NWSA; ASX: NWS, NWSLV).

Req ID: 15461