Wayfair
Product Manager, Mobile Apps
https://assets.themuse.com/uploaded/companies/1631/small_logo.png
Boston, MA
http://app.jobvite.com/CompanyJobs/Job.aspx?c=qI69VfwC&j=oPv28fwe&s=TheMuse

Product Manager, Mobile Apps

Over the past several years, Wayfair has been heavily investing to build the best e-commerce shopping app across devices to help consumers create a home they love, wherever they may be. These efforts have resulted in a highly-rated (4.8 stars on the App Store, 4.5 stars on Google Play), awarded (won the 2018 Webby for shopping), and featured (Apple App of the Day) experience. But our job is far from finished, with substantial opportunities to deliver against a bold app vision, grow user adoption, improve innovative features like View in Room 3D and Search with Photo, and invent the next wave of revolutionary experiences.

 

We are looking for an experienced Product Manager to help us take the App to the next level of great. Your role will be to ensure that the App provides the most loyal Wayfair customers with the most delightful and immersive experience possible on their devices and unlocks a platform to acquire the next generation of Wayfair users. This role will join a growing App team that owns the product experience across all of Wayfair’s brands in all of our targeted geographies (US, Canada, UK, Germany). This role will be instrumental in growing a platform that already delivers more than $1B in annual run rate revenue.

This role offers the opportunity to transform the way millions of consumers around the world create homes they love, have a major impact at a rapidly growing $10B public company, partner with executives across the company on a high-profile initiative, and grow our existing cross-functional teams of experienced product managers, software engineers, data scientists, product designers and analysts.

Responsibilities:

Own the product roadmap for your team, spanning iOS/Android platforms, all our retail brands and all of our international locations.  This will include a combination of building and owning some features directly (e.g., View in Room product, App onboarding experience), and enabling a large number of other teams to build new features/tools on top of our platforms.
Measure performance, keep your pulse on the customer, anticipate bottlenecks, make trade-offs and take acceptable risks to maximize the benefit for our customer and business.
Write detailed user stories and requirements for product initiatives, and assist a cross-functional team of designers, manual testers, and engineers to bring them to life.
Utilize data to understand customer needs and behaviors, and transform that knowledge into platform enhancements and new features.
Lead project planning and provide updates to stakeholders for cross-group & cross-departmental projects.
Work closely with engineering and product leadership to understand larger, department & company wide initiatives.
Help translate department initiatives into manageable, actionable components.


Qualifications:

3+ years experience in e-commerce or B2C product management
Track record of building high-impact consumer products
Ability to think and perform both tactically and strategically
Excellent analytical skills with demonstrated experience turning data into actionable insights
Deep understanding of business strategy and metrics
Passionate about building functional and engaging user experiences
Cross functional leadership experience
Entrepreneurial mindset, with a bias for customer focused innovation
Ability to multi-task and work well within a dynamic, fast-paced organization
Positive, people-oriented, and energetic attitude
Experience managing a team is a plus
Familiarity with Excel, SQL, and multivariate testing practices a plus
BA with strong academic record (strong preference for quantitative, scientific, or technical backgrounds)